Add sortText for completion items ordering (#1223)
prabirshrestha/vim-lsp: doc/vim-lsp.txt

`contains` filter). If you'd like to retrigger the filtering, you will have to
press CTRL-X CTRL-O again.

sort                                              *vim-lsp-completion-sort*

> You can sort the completion items returned from the server by using the `sort` key in the server info's `config` |dict|.

Reviewer: This line is too long. Please take care about line width. Other lines are also exceeding the width imit.

Author: Thank you for pointed out!
Fixed!

The value of the `sort` key is itself a |dict| containing at least a key

> `max`, which specifies max number of completion items count before ignore sort for performance reason.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
`max`, which specifies max number of completion items count before giving up sorting for performance reason.
```
